Linear Search Implementation in Java
This Java program demonstrates the implementation of a Linear Search algorithm. Linear Search is a simple searching algorithm that checks each element in a list sequentially until it finds the target element or reaches the end of the list.

Code Explanation
1. Class linear
This class contains the method l_Search which performs the linear search operation.

Method Signature: public int l_Search(int n, int[] array, int sn)

n: The size of the array.

array: The array in which the search is performed.

sn: The element to be searched.

Working:

The method iterates through the array using a for loop.

If the target element (sn) is found in the array, it returns the index of the element.

If the element is not found, it returns -1.

2. Class linear_Search
This is the main class that handles user input and calls the l_Search method.

Steps:

Input Array Size:

The user is prompted to enter the size of the array (n).

Input Array Elements:

The user is asked to enter n elements, which are stored in the array.

Display Array Elements:

The program displays the elements entered by the user.

Input Search Element:

The user is prompted to enter the element they want to search (sn).

Call l_Search Method:

An object of the linear class is created, and the l_Search method is called with the array, its size, and the search element.

Display Result:

If the element is found, the program displays the index of the element.

If the element is not found, it displays an error message.

How to Run the Code
Compile the Code:

Save the code in a file named linear_Search.java.

Compile the code using the command:

Copy
javac linear_Search.java
Run the Program:

Run the compiled program using the command:

Copy
java linear_Search
Input:

Enter the size of the array.

Enter the elements of the array.

Enter the element you want to search.

Output:

The program will display the index of the searched element if found, or an error message if not found.

Example
Input:
Copy
Enter Size of an Array: 5

Enter 1 Elements: 10
Enter 2 Elements: 20
Enter 3 Elements: 30
Enter 4 Elements: 40
Enter 5 Elements: 50

Element You Want to Search: 30
Output:
Copy
Elements are: 10 20 30 40 50
---------------------------------------------
Element 30 Found at Array Index: 2
Key Points
Time Complexity: O(n) in the worst case, as the algorithm may need to check all elements.

Space Complexity: O(1), as it uses a constant amount of extra space.

Use Case: Suitable for small datasets or unsorted arrays where more advanced search algorithms (e.g., Binary Search) cannot be applied.

README Summary
This program implements a Linear Search algorithm in Java. It allows the user to:

Input the size of an array.

Input elements into the array.

Search for a specific element in the array.

Display the index of the element if found, or an error message if not found.

The code is simple and easy to understand, making it a good example for beginners learning about search algorithms in Java.
